.\"  -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" imgtool.1
.\"
.\" Man page created from info in imgtool.txt
.\" Cesare Falco <cesare.falco@gmail.com>, February 2011
.\"
.\"
.TH Imgtool 1 2011-02-03 0.141 "Imgtool \- Image manipulation tool for MESS"
.\"
.\"
.\" NAME chapter
.SH NAME
Imgtool \- A generic image manipulation tool for MESS
.\"
.\"
.\" SYNOPSIS chapter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.B imgtool
.B create|dir|del|info|crc|good
.I format image
.br
.B imgtool
.B get|put|getall [\-\-filter=\fIfilter\fB]\fR
.I format image
.br
.B imgtool
.B listformats|listfilters
.br
.B imgtool
.B listdriveroptions
.I format
.\"
.\"
.\" DESCRIPTION chapter
.SH DESCRIPTION
Imgtool is a tool for the maintenance and manipulation of disk and other types
of images that MESS users need to deal with. Functions include retrieving and
storing files and CRC checking and validation.
.\"
.\"
.\" COMMANDS chapter
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B create
Creates and image
.TP
.B dir
Lists the contents of an image.
.TP
.B get
Gets a single file from an image.
.TP
.B put
Puts a single file on an image (wildcards supported).
.TP
.B getall
Gets all files off an image.
.TP
.B del
Deletes a file on an image.
.TP
.B info
Retrieves info about an image (by reading CRC files).
.TP
.B crc
Retrieves info about an image in the same format used by the CRC files.
.TP
.B good
CRC checks a set of images and for matching images, copy into a new directory.
.TP
.B listformats
Lists all image file formats supported by imgtool.
.TP
.B listfilters
Lists all filters supported by imgtool.
Filters are a mean to process data being written into or read out of an image
in a certain way.
.TP
.B listdriveroptions
Lists all format-specific options for the 'put' and 'create' commands
