.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH MAME-SRC2HTML 1 "december 18, 2010" "MAME 0140"

.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)

.SH "NAME"
mame-src2html \- MAME source code to HTML converter.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B mame-src2html
.I source
.I destination
.I template
.B [-Iincludepath [-Iincludepath [...]]]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.TP
Utility to convert MAME source code to HTML pages using a template.
.br
.B source
is the base path of your MAME sources.
.br
.B destination
is the base path where you want to output HTML files.
.br
.B template
is the structured HTML file used as a model to generate HTML files.
.br
.B -I
is an optional parameter used to add
.I includepath
where source code resides. Add as many 
.B -I
as you want, eg: -Ipath1 -Ipath2 -Ipath3.

.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright \(co 2008 Aaron Giles. BSD License.

.SH "AUTHOR"
Written by Aaron Giles.

.sp 3
This manual page was written by Ludovic Lechapt <ludomatic@gmail.com>,
for the Debian project but may be used by others.
